hello everyone and welcome to episode 16
of the patreon my name is James I'm Nick
and this is the first padreon back oh
I'm adjusting my microphone sorry this
is the first padreon back from a bit of
a break well it was a break from a pod
from the padreon but not for us not for
us
um we over the last couple of weeks
moved across the country as I believe we
talked about in the last one we were
talking about our pending anxieties
leading up to this yeah uh so we are now
in my new condo slash apartment it's
technically a condo but I'm renting it
so it's an apartment
um and Nick will be looking for a place
of their own soon
um
there's a whole bunch of stuff there we
don't need to get into yeah
um but yeah
stuff's going well uh YouTube's being a
bit of a dick as usual as normal later
this week we're actually going to put
out
um
a video trying to get some more patrons
as you guys know because I sent a poll
out to you thank you for replying to
that poll by the way what was the poll I
didn't see that it was basically which
of these topics do you want us to cover
right right that thing yes and so now we
have the the list of what's going to go
out and there'll be a video explaining
all of that and uh yeah that should be
out probably Friday okay
um so yeah
um and as of right now just a couple of
hours ago we released a video about how
Middle Earth has always kind of been
woke
um thank you for everyone who has
watched that and either agreed with us
or
um
presented your own rationale or
reasoning what was it like kindly
disagreed
I forget the wording there isn't really
a phrasing for kindly disagreeing with
someone it's usually respectful disagree
respectfully disagreed okay
um there have there have been very few
people who have been like jerks in the
comments so far so far
um have you gotten much have you gotten
much pushback about you know kind of our
take on Tolkien himself
ugly no no okay
I was expecting because that was the one
that I was kind of nervous going into
because it is
um I did write a lot of this video and
it either way it's
very white people talking about you know
racism and I I'm not entirely
comfortable with that and like like I
kind of wrote Into the video like I
didn't really want to completely
exonerate Tolkien
yeah um I I was expecting I am still in
I still am expecting some comments of
first details me that attack on Titan
isn't anti-semitic and now he's telling
me that Tolkien wasn't racist it's like
yes I'm secretly a white ring a white
ring okay right right wing plant the
white Wings the white ring sounds like a
fantasy object it does or a fascist
group yeah speaking of fascists
um
a really fascists at all oh my God no no
speaking of fascists um you actually
don't know if you were up for this but
um I had my window open and
on the street below there was kind of a
rally and I was like okay is this a good
Rally or a bad rally because I heard
like someone on a megaphone like this a
good witch or a bad witch dropping
f-bombs to the crowd to a crowd to like
drivers by
um
and I was like okay generally speaking
you know rights protests don't involve
f-bombs dropped at crowds like you know
like yeah [ __ ] this and [ __ ] that like
so I looked outside and it's a bunch of
Canadian flags at the intersection and
there was a don't tread on me flag down
there oh God yeah so it was probably
another trucker thing
um
movement here in Canada is primarily
based around truckers yeah I didn't have
to deal with any of that where we lived
before and now we're in like a proper
City because truckers were so chill in
the maritimes
my microphone does not want to play nice
yeah it has to be tightened yeah
severely
um okay yeah this is the first time
we've had the microphones like set up
yeah
okay uh but yeah so today we're going to
talk about something that I've I've been
seeing a lot of discourse about online
and it does play into the Middle Earth
video
everybody comparing the rings of power
to the house of the dragon and a lot of
people not everyone but a lot of people
just kind of saying House of the Dragon
is better because it's darker yeah and
kind of asking the question
is you know Grim dark quote realistic
media better than
I guess Escapist media I I
because I I would classify rings of
power as Escapist because I like it's
not the best show in the world but I
watch it as soon as it's available on
Amazon Prime because it watching it just
it makes me feel
it takes me out of everything
um whereas I haven't watched an episode
of House of the Dragon yet I've watched
some Recaps but I haven't watched an
episode because I'm like I can't deal
with the negativity right now touched on
this talking about Attack on Titan
um a little bit
um
I wrote like the idea that people feel
that tragic Media or that depressing
Media or more anguishing media is more
quote authentic because
um I I feel like there's a lot of
emotional energy invested in these
characters and to watch you know these
invested motions basically end in dying
and sadness and yeah horrible things
happening I think that makes people want
to justify it like this this must be
realistic because it made me feel things
and I'm like well yeah like with House
of the Dragon the first episode a woman
is kind of yeah less dies in childbirth
and is more murdered in a child yeah and
and like in episode five I want to say
five it might have been sick the last
one yeah the the most recent one a gay
character is introduced and killed or it
might not have been the most recent one
what is today
something like that but it was last week
it was last week's episode I think he'll
reason I'm divesting from a lot of media
and why oh and another I think another
pregnant woman died the most recent one
she's got lit up by by a dragon nice
um like I'm just I think the reason why
I'm having such a struggle finding a
niche for me or finding a place where
for me that I can enjoy is because so
much of it is taking a turn to this
obsessively depressing sort of uh angle
like these these very errantly
pessimistic messages and the thing that
I don't like is that these pessimistic
messages are not being presented as ah
this is tragedy porn it's being
presented as this is realistic because
it's depressing because it's tragic and
I I really and that's kind of
why I started to really get off Board of
House of House of dragons Game of
Thrones yeah and the the first the
actual Series Game of Thrones why I
really started to starting from like
season five onward started really not
enjoying myself while I was watching it
because it was kind of from yeah because
theme like it was just okay what's going
to happen now oh the good guys are gonna
lose shocker yeah for like season seven
and eight I would say I was watching it
more out of obligation yeah
um I Ramsay Bolton was kind of the first
time that was kind of the breaking point
for you for me like I the episode where
they actually won it felt so
unfulfilling because okay the bad guys
win the bad guys win the bad guys win
the bad guys win until we need them to
not win to get this to get this moving
like and even it was like okay the bad
guy has lost and now we're going to have
Sansa have him eaten alive by his dogs
to just remove a bit of her Humanity
yeah at the same time time which is not
in the books yeah that's at least not
yet like that hasn't happened George RR
Martin did not write that yeah and it's
Sansa is not even like in the books this
is you know for the last decade
Sansa is not with Rems evolving yeah
it's a look-alike yeah it's I don't even
yeah I think she's her name is Jane
um yeah I remember Jane it's been a long
time since I read dance of dragons
um
but yeah she's not even there but yeah
anyway Game of Thrones so like some
people have been asking me to do a Game
of Thrones video in the comments of the
Middle Earth one I'm playing
I don't think I can do it I I like the
amount of emotional stamina I had to
psych myself up for to watch one of
those Game of Thrones episodes
um it was debilitating like I was not in
a good headspace like I think it was
putting me into a worse headspace
because I just had to you're like okay
it's time to watch Game of Thrones oh no
uh whereas before it was like oh my God
I need to know what happens next it was
like I know what's gonna happen next
because
going to be in pain yeah someone I like
is going to be in pain not just no he'll
be fine or we're gonna hit that peaking
moment where the good guys are gonna get
a win because like I said we need to get
this plot moving yeah
um
and it just becomes pretty I mean that's
and honestly that happened with Attack
on Titan too I just got so frustrated
when it's like Game of Thrones like that
got really bad in the final season oh
especially like with
why is didn't why are daenerys's dragons
suddenly so easy to kill when they have
been like impervious for the last six
seasons I went on shouting Rampages
about that not at you but you were in
the vicinity oh many people did online
it's like why are they suddenly so you
know like in Lindsay Ellis's video they
have the four to their fortification of
hummingbirds fortitude defining the
fortitude of hummingbirds because like
they can just get taken out with like a
mean look yeah but not drogon drogon can
take anything but the other ones uh
visarion what are they there for why are
they here yeah it's like they were there
for Canon fodder basically to be like
ooh the stakes are rising I'm getting
more and more progressively upset with
this media that kind of presents tragedy
and presents pessimism and horrible
things happening this is why I haven't
watched invincible and while I would
refuse to like yeah I I I I can't handle
and people well people argue back and
they push back like no it's actually
really optimistic actually it's making
fun of that pessimism
um he's actually really conflicting I
don't care it's a father beating the son
out of its child how are we supposed to
watch that and not feel completely
disgusted by that yeah um instead
because [ __ ] Omni man decides to [ __ ]
off or whatever like we're supposed to
feel a sense of hope it's like how does
that change anything the bad guys still
beat the crap out of everything and the
only reason the good guys win is because
he decided not to yeah like that that's
not empowering that's also kind of found
myself other than Attack on Titan really
going toward more positive stuff lately
like like I said I haven't watched an
episode of House of the Dragon but I've
been I've watched uh rings of power each
episode twice at this point I think I
don't want it and yeah like movie wise
like there's movies coming out or that
I'm should be you know excited for like
Multiverse is madness it was like going
into that and it was like okay
why is it that my favorite character who
has been set up as someone who has been
through it and came through the other
end suddenly the villain I'm not just a
villain she is a Monster yeah suddenly a
monstrous villain like the most evil
villain the MCU yeah it's especially
apparent because like less sympathetic
than Thanos like absolutely because
Thanos had a reason for doing things
that the Thanos is right the [ __ ]
imperialist [ __ ] but like you know like
oh we have to just stop wearing like a
sailor today I'm angry sorry like is it
okay to answer for a Padres like you
know like uh the whole like imperialist
message was which sounds like a good
idea in theory is like oh the problem
with resource management is population
control it's like no that's not the
solution yeah just snap your fingers to
create more resources dumbass not even
that but like sort of the allegory of
the real world like we need to cut back
on our population to preserve resources
like that's exactly what the English
slot during the Irish Potato Famine but
it turns out that you can you know use
technology and use resources to
reallocate resources to make sure that
poor people have you know food accounted
foreign resources yeah if there is um if
you know
famine strikes or whatever yeah um and
it wasn't until after the Potato Famine
that uh just technological advancement
advancements advancements were made in
agriculture
um that indicated that it was abundantly
possible to use technology to get more
yield out of a single field yeah and I
think it's very telling media wise that
you know what is the kind of shocker
runaway success movies of this year one
of them is top gun Maverick which is not
depressing yeah it is the good guys win
and the other one is everything
everywhere all at once which is actively
going against the depression kind of
thing
extended even say that include the
Batman in there
um the ending of the Batman did that
come out this year yeah that wasn't last
that no that wasn't last year there's a
February this year it's been a hell of a
year Jack God it's been a long year
been a hell of a year Jack
um but no like the Batman once again it
was kind of like it fought against the
idea of the Batman as someone who
requires to work in the shadows and like
he starts the the movie starts and he's
like I am the shadows and at the end of
the movie that's true [ __ ] the Shadows
yeah that's true
and it did really well yeah it didn't do
as well as the Dark Knight movies but it
was also you know fighting against
theaters not being entirely open because
of the pandemic talking about that the
Dark Knight I wanted to mention that
earlier kind of I think it was The Dark
Knight that really started the gritty
equals real I disagree I disagree I
think the Dark Knight actually ends on a
very hopeful note
the trend but like pessimism but just
the concept of gritty equals more
realistic and then from that the green
is kind of cycled spiraled into
pessimism
yeah yeah I agree there because like the
Dark Knight was a pretty as far as comic
book movies superhero movies go pretty
realistic of how a Batman could exist in
the real world and a joker and stuff
like that two-faced not so much but
um the the Batman and the Joker the
first one Batman Begins like the
villains in that one I think I like them
too yeah like they Christopher Nolan
went out of his and his brother Jonathan
with Jonathan Nolan went out of their
way to figure out how could these
actually exist in the real world and I
believe David Esquire co-wrote the
screenplays and then goyer took that and
was like okay people want gritty realism
and then took that and added gritty
realism to Zack Snyder who Zack Snyder
wasn't really all about gritty realism
but he was about like violence and stuff
like that and then mushed them together
and then it was like okay Superman is
just also tends to lean 911 times 100.
Snyder also tends to lean towards those
very pessimistic endings
um like the sense of like oh you gotta
like using sucker punches the kind of
archetypical Zack Snyder yeah which I
think I feel that it is uh because
that's Zack Snyder completely off the
rails no guidelines that's a movie
created developed by him and his but the
owls of gahul that was based on the
property
I just find it hilarious that he made
that movie
[Laughter]
um
the CGI owls in slow motion fantastic
um with lightning bolts in the
foreground
um but no like you know like you have
the baby face baby girl whatever her
name was baby doll baby doll uh she
basically gets lobotomy so that one of
the girls can escape yeah and all the
other girls die
um because the
pivotally the um
the record player that was playing while
she was dancing fell off a table and
that distract and because her dancing is
just so hypnotic
um yeah they were hypnotizing caught out
of God that damn it that movie uh you
know what I would actually what and like
it's already been done
but you know what I would actually
really like to see Zack Snyder do V for
Vendetta oh you can do it
if someone would tone back the
yeah
um but I'd love to see him do V for
Vendetta because the first like the
actual movie of V for Vendetta is good
but I don't think it has a real
directorial Flair
whereas I think he could give an act
like a real directorial Flair to it and
I think it could be like something
really cool yeah as long as he had an
editor and
and a cinematographer scaring scaring
scaring him away from the frames no from
the frame button also some frames could
be about to use green screens I would
appreciate that green screens are fine
if they're done properly
I always prefer a set oh I mean I do too
like even when we're when we're filming
like I prefer I like the way some of the
green screen stuff we shoot looks but
it's mostly just because the background
is what I would like with the stranger
things video
like we couldn't have done those
practically yeah the hospital one we
could have if we could find a hospital
that would let us shoot in a hallway but
that's hard to do wouldn't have been
able to have the particle effects going
in front of behind you
no so that's significant too like
whereas with well we could have the
green but I'm not that good of a compass
the uh the first one the wall one that
one we struggled with that a lot yeah
um the moon one didn't look too bad yeah
yeah so like that video was a pain in
the ass I had to render it at full
almost uncompressed if you know video
codecs I had to render it out in prores
because
the the the
compositing with the green screen was so
finicky that rendering it out just as a
normal YouTube video
um which are about 10 gigabytes
rendering it out at that made it look
like [ __ ] I had to render it out at 600
gigabytes as a 600 gigabyte file
and then upload that to YouTube for
YouTube to compress it for it to not
look like [ __ ] that was a pain in the
ass look at that but yeah like I I feel
like Zack slender has also kind of
really been pivotal in sort of
establishing the pessimistic downward
leaning mood of a lot of you know Cinema
and entertainment these days which is
weird because when you watch interviews
with Zack Snyder he's doesn't come
across as a pessimistic person no he's
he's very fusing actually
um I know it's like he wants to make a
movie about
The Fountainhead he's very libertarian
but at the same time the things that he
does believe and perpetually seem
socialist some of them
yeah I don't know much about his tax
policy and like his you know like uh
Corporation corporate policy and stuff
but he seems to dislike it well he hates
corporations in general because they try
to control him it's not which might be
why he likes The Fountainhead because
the whole thing with The Fountainhead is
an artist trying to not be controlled by
a corporation yeah and so if you look at
The Fountainhead that way and this is
the unfortunate thing about like a lot
of Libertarians is that some a lot of
people say they're libertarian uh
because they think people should be free
of Institutions and you know
institutional regulation and stuff
um the institution should not control
individuals whereas like I don't think
that necessarily is incompatible with
socialism and Democratic socialism
institutions are exist to control bodies
um of finances not necessarily
individuals and I feel like there's sort
of a disconnect there it's like yeah
people should be free people should have
freedoms but you know the double-edged
sword thing about libertarianism is that
a lot of them believe in the don't tread
on me kind of policy where it's like no
I don't I should be allowed to say and
do whatever I want without any
repercussions yeah like I don't want to
not just be controlled by institutions I
don't want social bodies to control me
either I don't want other individuals to
control me either I'm like well I'm
sorry but that's just an element that
you can't yell fire in a crowded theater
yeah yeah
um and like in Canada right now there's
a big kerfuffle going on with
um
the Canadian government which is you
know Canada is technically a Democratic
Socialist country
um but the government the progressive
parties of the government are right now
trying to make it so that Canadian
content creators for things like Netflix
and YouTube and even Twitter and
Facebook and Instagram will be forced to
put Canadian content into their videos
their photos
yeah let me explain this
um will be forced to put Canadian
content in it or else they will not be
shareable
within Canada I think they're not very
clear of a of us that it won't be shared
in Canada that it won't be shared
elsewhere that the host will get a fine
yeah that the host like YouTube would
get a fine and it's like
how do you what are you trying to do I
mean I know why they're doing it they're
doing it because Legacy Media in Canada
is really dominated by one company and
that one company real has has to follow
the the
um Heritage the Heritage law acts the
Heritage Act laws in Canada which say
like if you're making a Canadian movie
and you get funding from the Canadian
government you have and tax breaks and
stuff you have to have a beaver you have
to have a moose saloon whatever and
there's a literal checklist there is a
literal check not necessarily they show
it to you yeah uh Beaver is on there
um oh yeah I'm not kidding I thought
that the beaver was an exaggeration I
knew there was a certain quote of like
you know you don't have to show a beaver
it's one of several things that you can
show oh okay
um but um
yeah and so the government so this giant
Corporation in Canada Bell Media is
trying to get the government to enforce
that law onto things like Netflix and
YouTube because they don't like having
to compete with places and creators that
don't have to do that but and so the
government's like okay we'll we'll do
that then but they're not taking into
account that okay if you do that to say
you YouTube creators
the reason you're doing that for Belle
is because Bell wants tax breaks to
create this media and Bell wants you to
finance this media are you going to like
is the Canadian government going to pay
us to make videos with some Maple Leafs
in them no but they want to pass a law
doing it which as far as I'm concerned
is that's scarily totalitarianism yeah
it's the government deciding what Canon
cannot be propagated by the public yeah
and it's like oh well we won't find
people we'll find YouTube and it's like
okay well then YouTube's not going to
promote anyone from Canada yeah and so
everyone in Canada is going to have to
get a VPN and be like I'm actually in
Virginia yeah
maybe I should do that anyway
but um yeah I I when it comes to the
topic of pessimism and media and kind of
this really growing Trend like that is
perpetuated and has the dragon is like
it's gritty because there is a guy who
has to saw a baby out of his wife uh no
that doesn't happen I thought he had to
sort of like basically no he decides
that his wife should die and then they
have to kill her to get the baby out Oh
I thought that he himself kind of no he
makes the decision he doesn't do it okay
I heard that he did it himself and it
was really gratuitously uh disgusting
apparently it is gratuitously disgusting
but he's like
doing something else but yeah like in
terms of the gratuity it it feels
disingenuous it feels like you're being
pessimistic for the sake of being
pessimistic for the sake of saying that
you're realistic or it's like not
everything is terrible like you know
talking about everything everywhere all
at once it's about a woman who's
overcoming a midlife crisis
um and accepting that the life she has
is actually the life she's happy with
yeah
yes like that yeah that's exactly and
not in a like depressing way like well
you know what could it be better no she
actually sees the better the quote
better versions of her life and she's
like you know what I actually prefer
this yeah yeah she she goes through all
the different you know variants of
herself across all the different skills
and careers and story spoilers but
um if you haven't seen it yet yeah
what's wrong with you ghosts
you know like or it's streamable all the
other lives she chose kind of suck and
then this one life that she chose she
decided she wants to have this yeah
um
specifically kind of because of her
daughter yeah exclusively because yeah
we shouldn't talk about it too much
because there's supposed to be a video
about this yeah
um I just love that movie so much and
you know like movies are leaning more
and more um but like you said the the
Batman
has a very uplifting thing where it's
like yeah Batman actually isn't the
darkness yeah Batman is
kind of he's you know there's a reason
at the end of the movie they showed the
bat signal because Batman is kind of the
light in Gotham's Darkness yeah
um sort of saying like you know if Bruce
Bruce Wayne is constantly reflect in
that movie he's constantly comparing
himself against Gotham Gotham is almost
a character and is foiled against Bruce
Wayne and uh Bruce sort of realizes that
the manifestation of Gotham that exists
is the manifestation of his own mind
yeah
um and that you know it's he can choose
how Gotham is going to manifest which
means he can choose how he is going to
exist
um and he own that I don't know if you
do actually I think I do
anyway yeah I'm just I'm like I want to
watch that
I I did get really really sick of
everything men dating sort of a
pessimistic sort of downturn sort of
attitude on the because who wants to be
reminded that life is suffering well
yeah like there are there's a place for
that like there are plenty of movies and
TV shows and stuff like that where it's
like yes sometimes life [ __ ] sucks
like Shameless has a good I think has a
good balance of you know the Lighter
Side of Life friends and family and
stuff like that and also when stuff is
just [ __ ] and I think it has a good
balance of that and that's like if you
want to be realistic you do need that
balance but then with like House of the
Dragon there doesn't seem to be a
balance it's just like this is dark and
horrible and gritty and life is bad and
it's that sort of
essentialism that I really hate the kind
of idea that this is dark
and life is dark so this is realistic
yeah and it's like but life isn't all
dark yeah is the thing like
and even if it is why is that the only
media that you would want to consume if
your life is all Darkness it's like and
using Shameless as an example there are
times unshameless where you know you've
got this family who are dealing with
addiction problems who are dealing with
uh parental abuse who are dealing with
poverty but they have moments of levity
that you're like yeah this feels real
because you know it's it
even the worst of times there is
something that will make you laugh and
and like talking about Shameless kind of
relating that to the video we will talk
about Shameless in the young we we only
called we don't actually call the videos
by their names we call them by the media
they cover so yeah it's the young Royals
video yeah um for that like and that's
kind of something that I I generally
liked young Royals but like the thing
well you know I think you only watch two
episodes of young Royals I missed the
last two watched everyone okay
um like the thing that I didn't like
about that show is that it was leaning
towards that pessimism yeah
um it was like oh he's a prince but it
sucks yeah
everything sucks everything's bad oh my
God boy problems Royals problems money
problems it's it's just like everything
and there there wasn't you know even
when he was kind of it was a really
funny scene when he was completely high
off his ass and stuff uh I think he was
just drunk no he took some pills already
took pills I don't count pills
pills aren't drugs like he was kind of
he was going through it and even that
was kind of like I feel so bad for this
kid yeah
I felt bad for Simone I didn't care if I
didn't feel bad for Wilhelm at all
I felt bad that Simone was being put
through that yes because I have been
there before well specifically dealing
with the drunk person yeah that's
completely off their ass
I don't think I will tolerate a version
of that show where they end up happily
together because I'm like I have heard
from multiple pores what it's like
dating a rich person and one person I
follow on Twitter
um I'm not going to say their handle
because they're wonderful and they do
get some flame Flack from time to time
but um they said that they were dating
someone in the UK when they were living
there uh their marine biologists and um
they were dating a very rich person and
this rich person asked them what's your
favorite cheese and he was like or they
were like
um I don't know cheddar and this rich
guy was completely offended
um whereas like I don't I don't know
what you're talking about when you find
a very nicely aged cheddar there's
nothing better oh there's there's a lot
of lists like listical things online
that are like
um you know the reality of a poor dating
a rich and stuff like that and it's like
I knew I was dating someone from a
different economic
like thing when we were going to go for
groceries we had moved in together and
we were going for groceries the first
time and they were just ready to leave
and they weren't looking for sales
yeah like they weren't looking for
coupons or anything like that
um another one was I knew I was dating
someone of a different Echo a different
class
um
when they asked me if I wanted to go on
vacation
and I started talking about you know how
to plan it and they said oh no I meant
next week
and it's like or go on a trip oh wow
and it was like okay I need six months
to plan this I need to get my time off
and they were like no no I just mean
next week we can go to wherever I forget
where it was it wasn't like anywhere
like like super expensive or anything it
was like Cuba or something like that but
like yeah and so that's what I mean like
in terms of like Simone and Wilhelm
dating either
and this is what I mean about like
getting really frustrated with the
emotional support boards and I was I
wasn't that fond of the creator of the
show actually re putting that on
Instagram like you know they
link to the video on their Instagram I
think it was their Instagram right yes
um I can't remember whether it was a man
or woman or in between but uh oh a woman
um it's uh sir and or Norm Adam um
person uh person yeah they put it on
Instagram and we're like is is Simone an
emotional support poor and like fans of
the show we're like oh my God how dare
they and I'm like
look at the trope
as it manifests infection we're not
moralizing the show based on this but
also look at how this would affect the
relationship Dynamic Beyond just a
fantasy
um and it's very much like okay think
about it like there is very Two Worlds
colliding here yes that's the reality of
the
um class Gap classism still exists
classes still exist I don't care what
anyone says but like thinking about what
other people had said about their
experiences about order the poor is
saying dating riches uh it's literally
two different worlds yeah and so I'm
like the only either Simone is going to
get burnt out so hard from being in this
kind of toxic situation yeah like Samoa
is never going to be a prince yeah
um from either or being being burnt out
from you know dating this guy who is
completely rich and or he is going to
himself move up in social classes I
think the only way for them to end up
together is if Wilhelm abdicated yeah
um and that
that but again which I could see
happening on the show yeah yeah and that
seems to be uh at least an possible
direction for the show yeah but at the
same time because royalty and Sweden do
do need to have jobs and stuff so it
would just be okay I can't be king
but I can I'm still gonna have the
benefits work for a hedge fund yeah
like I still have that name and that's
the thing
the thing well and this is what rich
people don't understand you will always
be a rich when you have when you are the
kind of person who has Holdings and
titles there is no instance where you
are going to need to be poor
um and that's kind of what I I didn't
like that the show we're talking about
getting Royals know apparently um I
didn't like that all right there's
another thing I want to talk about too I
didn't like the show didn't really
investigate Augustus uh August
um well I think they're going to like
him being a rich who does actually lose
everything but doesn't want well loses
his cash but owns stuff but doesn't want
to sell it and sort of say like what
does it mean for for a rich person to
quote unquote lose everything yeah
because I have in my family someone who
works very high up in a bank yeah he's
he's very high up
um and during the 2008 stock crash he
quote unquote lost everything and my mom
was yeah oh my my grandmother's culture
is like oh your uncle person uh has lost
everything in the stock crash and was
like oh my god do they have the house
well yeah we have the cars yes do they
have the retirement well yes
um it's like well what the [ __ ] they
lose then yes and that's the thing is
like what do these people people
consider quote unquote losing because I
remember in I was oh how old was I it
was just it was before Elementary School
um so I think I was about four my dad
had already been injured uh he was a
mechanic and he'd already been injured
but he got like double injured he had I
think
he broke his neck before I was born and
this he broke his back and poor guy he
couldn't work anymore obviously
and for years and years the disability
claims and everything he didn't get paid
out his disability for 12 years after
that so just to put that into
perspective but
us losing everything we were homeless we
had to move in with my grandparents and
my mom had to sleep on the couch and my
dad slept on the floor and they did that
so that I could have the guest bedroom
yeah and like and it's like that was us
losing everything luckily I do have
my mom was always very smart in the
sense that she was she's very Thrifty uh
I think my dad slept on the couch my mom
on the floor anyway well if he broke his
back I hope that he yeah yeah my mother
wouldn't be like get on the floor
like my mom quote unquote losing
everything
um
you know moving into a tiny apartment
um it was calling her her parents who
you know were never particularly rich
but you know they're probably they
probably fit into a middle to upper
middle class yeah
um calling her up and saying I have Mom
I have no money and then my grandmother
on top of a guilt trip I mean I count
anyone who owns a house is Rich yeah
taking my mom out to a bulk food store
and buying two months worth of noodles
and pasta and just eating nothing but
spaghetti for two months yeah
um
and so like I was I remember doing that
when
um I was I was about 13 or 14 and my dad
moved out and
my mother was so ashamed that she had to
go to a food bank and I was actually I
was fine for two for about two or three
months
all I ate was chicken noodle soup but
not Campbell's chicken noodle soup the
no-name chicken noodle soup
um okay so fun story so uh my school had
a food drive uh when I was like
six five yeah uh back when we were
living in Toronto actually
um and you were living on the east side
of Toronto yes Scarborough uh near the
Scarborough Bluffs
I would like to go out there sometime to
sort of revisit old stomping around see
if I can recognize anything but um so my
full school at a food drive and I was
like Mom Mom we need to give to give
food to the food bank because poor
people have less than us and they need
food so my mom didn't tell me this until
much later but we actually donated some
of the food that she had gotten
some of the food you get is pretty
shitty so I can see giving it back oh
apparently sometimes it isn't and they
have food banks in BC have this problem
all the time like they will get like
bulk bags of quinoa and like super
classy food and it's like they it ends
up going bad because poor people on a
poor spectrum of uh wage don't know how
to cook it they don't know what to do
with it they don't know how to season it
because it's not something to grow up
around it and so they have sort of made
more specific lists about like okay
please do not give these Foods yeah I
know they're super foods and you think
you're helping poor people but you're
not yeah
um when you know once again that is a
complete disconnect of classism yeah
like once again time but it's like I I
when I got my first like job out of um
Business School uh and I was I was
making
at the time I think it was about a
thousand dollars every two weeks which
to me was like I'm rich yeah
um I donated I went to a food bank and
basically said like what do you guys
need and they gave me a list and it was
stuff like
uh butter canned goods craft dinner
things like that and I just went and got
like 200 worth of stuff and brought it
to them because I was like I've got
money I should give back now and you
know
looking back it's like I could barely
afford rent but I was like thousand
dollars every two weeks a quadruple like
digit paycheck like I thought I was just
like the richest person in the world
um and once again like that's what I
kind of mean like young Royals has the
in spite of the fact that there's these
very weird social Dynamic going on
between the two main characters where I
think that I would only really be
satisfied with a series of Simone ends
up saying like I can't do this well
either Simone says I can't do this which
he kind of did at the end of season one
uh I I will I I think the only real
ending like I said would be for
um uh Wilhelm to abdicate yeah
um and but not get to the like don't
flash forward and show them happy with
kids or anything just have him abdicate
so that he can be with Samoa and then
you know that's where the show ends yeah
so it ends on a happily ever after but
we don't see the Ever After yeah
um I think that'll be fine but once
again like I said will Wilhelm comes
from a different world and that would to
burn some of it out eventually unless
the moment does kind of succumb to like
comfort and wealth and stuff but it
doesn't really seem like that's in his
character but that's what I mean a
happily ever after you never see the
Ever After that's true um How does it go
um
a comedy ends with a marriage in the
Fifth Act a tragedy and happen a comedy
has the marriage in the Fifth Act a
tragedy has the marriage in the second
act yeah uh but yeah so like young but
another example of the of the actual
topic
um which is like the dark dark and
realistic gritty versus you know
something else is
um the new version of Queer as Folk
which just got canceled and it got
canceled because it was on peacock and
nobody has peacock and peacock didn't
really tell anyone the show existed
um but the show itself
was dark it dealt with drug abuse it
dealt with uh Financial issues it dealt
with HIV and AIDS it dealt with
um
um well it basically recreated the pulse
Massacre
um a gay nightclub being shot up heavy
[ __ ] that's very heavy [ __ ] and people
were you know very happy about it about
the show because they were like you know
there's people of color there's trans
representation like this is great but it
got canceled and it didn't hit a wide
audience because I think you know even
the audience that knew it existed
probably might have watched the first
episode and was like I can't I can't
with the because the first episode ends
with the shooting yeah
whereas Heart Stopper
is you know a cast with lots of people
of color with trans characters you know
the same kind of checklist but it's all
happy yeah and that is a huge success
for Netflix that's what I was saying
about like young Royals like it doesn't
need to be all happy I mean like there
is a lot of emotional stuff going on
like his brother dies
um yes it does suck suck to happen yeah
so does a heart stop or like there's
there's stuff covering that with eating
disorders and problems coming out the
thing about like this pessimism and why
I think Young Royals kind of fits into
it is because there wasn't enough you're
just on a young Royals kick I was trying
to get off of it and like
there there wasn't an opportunity I
started this talking about Lord of the
Rings generally like and I'm trying to
apply this to a general sense of like
this kind of pessimism of that [ __ ] is
that there I don't think Young Royals is
pessimistic though the tone was just
always so serious that's not I don't
think it was it was Teen drama that's
every teen drama
killed the crack of joke once in a while
no one like they did it was just in
Swedish
so we didn't get the the comedy
part of like being team drama but once
again like Heart Stopper didn't really
fit into this like Heart Stopper was
more light-hearted like there are but
Heart Stopper is not a drama I guess it
has it it has it covers things that are
dramatic but it's really more of a
comedy like I'm having a proper gay
Panic yeah
um but like it's more it's more
comparing it to Sex In The City is weird
but like sex in the city had dramatic
things happen you know like Charlotte
loses her baby like things like that
topic like once again like oh it can't
have like you know slapstick comedy
because it's a drama is that not getting
back into like the obsession with
pessimism like real life doesn't befit
there are genres Nick sure there are
things like sex in the city and like
Shameless that do have like little
Shameless literally had slapstick comedy
with Mickey being chased by this crazy
she was um one of the Gallagher she was
like distantly forget her name no not
anyway uh half sister or something like
that and being shot in the ass by her
yeah
um so like literally slapstick comedy at
the same time as you're dealing in the
same show and in the same season
probably that you're dealing with
somebody with mental health issues that
you're dealing with children being taken
away by children drama or a comedy well
it's that's the thing it's classified as
a drama but it has that comedy I kind of
I it's a dramedy as far as I'm concerned
Shameless is
um and there are like things like sex in
the city that are comedies first and
foremost that do have dramatic things
like Charlotte losing her baby like
um Samantha dealing with cancer uh
things like having
um you know the discussion about
abortion and are you ready to have a
child and do you want a child and stuff
like that having serious discussions but
at the same time being a a a comedy
first and foremost and I do think that
but that's what I mean like does like
going back to like House of dragon does
its classification as a political drama
automatically facilitate that it cannot
be that there can be no element of hope
no one I mean there are there might be
levity and funny stuff that happens in
it there was in Game of Thrones oh yeah
um but like I haven't watched it and the
things that people talk about in like
the reviews and the Recaps and stuff
like that is just the and then he gets
his head beaten in because he's gay yeah
and stuff like that and so it's like the
people aren't talking about the funny
stuff whereas with Game of Thrones
people did talk about Tyrion and Varys
yeah you know they're snarky bitching
back and forth and stuff like that like
there were times where the audience
could feel comfortable with what was
going on uh where you could kind of
relax for a minute yeah whereas like I
feel like growing the trend uh there is
this growing Trend among dramas uh
specifically things that we have to be
dramatic because we're dramas and it's
like it's this these framing devices not
necessarily script or like you know like
classifications but these framing
devices to make you feel like everything
is so heavy all the time yeah but
everything going on is just the worst
yeah
um and that's what I was trying to talk
about with young Royals is that they're
like given the young Royals isn't like
that it was for me
because of the framing the music the way
things were shot the dark the tangenting
toward darkness and Dark Shadows are in
like the way things were if young Royals
was a was just dark and depressing and
gritty the entire time I don't think it
would have built up the type of fan base
that it has
I did feel that it was sort of
excessively dark and there weren't
really opportunities sort of taken to
sort of like let's have teenagers being
teenagers instead of framing everything
as being the worst thing in the world
everything wasn't framed as being the
worst thing in the world it was
teenagers being teenagers but it was
commenting on the you know the wealth
Gap and stuff like that and so it's not
just going it's not going to have like
Looney Tunes comedy in there I know
you're not talking about Looney Tunes
comedy and I I hate when we get into
these these arguments over something
because I I've don't see young Royals as
being depressing
okay I guess that's fine like maybe like
I was talking about like it's not House
of the Dragon like you're right about
that that's what I mean like things
don't need to be how's the dragon to
kind of fit into this pessimism
Obsession like it can be something like
just framing everything as I hate using
the trades heavy but like it is this
sorry excuse me this emotional weight
that's kind of going like oh what's
gonna happen next oh my God I guess let
me I bet the main characters are gonna
have something bad happen to them like
that just constant looming expectation
of like bad things are going to happen
and I think you know whether that's
young Royals or whether that's you know
whatever kind of media I think that has
permeated because even watching even
talking about like I didn't watch I read
Heartbreaker before I watched Heart
Stopper before I I read it before I
watched it and reading it there were
times where I was like oh God
shit's gonna go down bad thing is gonna
happen someone's gonna get beaten
someone's gonna be someone's gonna get
disowned and be homeless and then it
didn't happen that's very nice when that
happens I love that one yeah and it's
like this wash of relief but I was so I
am so programmed to expect it yeah
um that there's constant like oh and
like even The Sopranos had funny stuff
the Russian running through the the Pine
Barrens was hilarious
[Laughter]
and just like some of the Sass from
Carmella and stuff like this like queers
folk had a lot of comedy in it
um vid queers spoke the new series
Breaking Bad had hilarious things
actually has a lot of that I I can
imagine because I forget the lead
actor's name but Saul he is a comedian
yeah who just accidentally got into this
really dramatic role
um but you know like unless I mean like
that's what I mean by a lot of this
isn't necessarily the script or what's
going on it's about Framing and
portrayal yeah it's about sort of the
having these characters that frame
things optimistically like Tyrion did
before he actually went to esos
um yeah
um he kind of had this Devil May care
attitude uh
um just like yeah oh yeah like a brain
needs books like a sword needs a wet
stuff like and the way that he kind of
um would be like yes I am not the
perfect person for this world but I'm
gonna make the best of it yeah the thing
the most Korean thing I think ever
happened was kind of
um auctioning off his nieces and nephews
to different hypothetical marriages oh
yeah I've run to different people to see
who would leak information to a sister
yeah and see who he couldn't trust yeah
um and like which Cersei did later
hmm
she kind of pulled the same truth not
with the auctioning off but kind of did
the same trick later yeah yeah and like
sort of having that kind of those kinds
of attitudes and that wasn't framed as
like
I'm auctioning off like I said in
framing it's like I'm auctioning off my
nieces and nephews to see who will stab
me in the back he was like you know I
want to know who's I'm surrounded by a
bunch of liars I'm subverted by a bunch
of liars I want to know who I can expect
to tell what to who yeah um and it was
and that's what I mean by Framing like
it wasn't framed as like with a heavy
heart I must do this it was like very
flippant it was so yeah I think I
right it was in the interview questions
that I sort of sort of said that that um
or sort of suggested for you to say that
that Framing and tone and you know yeah
that's important yeah those I think
those are more important than written
words and what I'm getting like I said I
haven't watched House of the Dragon I
might watch it when the season is over I
might not depends on my head space at
the time right now I can't go into
something Grim dark yeah
um which I'm getting my fantasy fix from
rings of power which like I said isn't
the best show but just being there and
be like there is you know a building
darkness and stuff because of course it
is it's a fantasy show but there's like
you know you're not kids aren't getting
their heads lopped off no one's getting
their head beaten in Lord of the Rings
from the movies at least we're always
about you know like there is light in
the darkness and you have to exactly the
light out in the darkness and like even
with Game of Thrones there was always
that hope of you know
the happy ending there was always the
hope of Daenerys getting on the throne
of and fixing the monarchy ending
because stuff like that there was always
that hope
um but with House of the Dragon
I know it doesn't end well for the
targaryens I Know It Ends horribly for
the whole line including Daenerys so
they're no matter what you do this shows
will always be dark it's a bleakness
yeah because I know how this ends yeah
you have shown me how this is and like I
do want to make a video about cyberpunk
and Edge Runners but like Edge writers
I'm also getting the feeling that it is
also just going to be gratuitously Bleak
just like and when I say gratuitously
Bleak I I I feel like it's becoming
almost like a a Trope or a literary
device it's like we're going to use
gratuitous bleakness to convey messaging
to our audience about bleakness and I I
feel like it's a messaging or a Trope or
a device that doesn't actually
accomplish anything because it's
nihilism it's saying life is Bleak deal
with it what should we do with it well
acknowledge that life is weakness and
it's like okay but what should we do
about that well life is Bleak nothing we
can do about it yeah and like I'm I am
getting so sick of that yeah I am
getting so sick of that
um
and I don't really care that sort of you
know like things like uh Invincible
um have like kind of counter programming
and subtext and like you know there's
actually hope after all it's like yeah
but he kills the entire Justice League
analog and beats the crap out of his son
to the point where he's losing all of
his teeth yeah
um everything's bloody people die people
die people die people die and this is
this is like I think
this will be a good way to wrap this up
um
and kind of bring it into the next video
that's one of the reasons I like
slasher movies so much
because no matter what at the end of the
slasher movie
you know there will be a final girl
there is light at the end of the tunnel
the bad guy will lose there are horror
movies where that doesn't happen where
you know just [ __ ] sucks and bad [ __ ]
like like hereditary hereditary does not
have a happy ending but like they're
most horror movies do have or saw for
instance but most horror movies do have
the Villa the the killer is killed in
the end and you know like scream is a
good example where literally the end of
Scream the killers are killed and the
sun is rising
um the night is over and the sun is
rising it's okay now
um and that's why like the screen movies
are some of my favorite movies because
you do one they are you know dramatic
and gory but they're also hilarious and
you do have that kind of upbeat ending
even in this genre that is built around
tragedy you do have an upbeat ending
um
and I'm really excited to do the the new
horror video for October about that
because I get to talk about things like
the new Chucky series and which is like
it's a horror series that's really funny
and
is like not only being like Oh there's
hope at the end of the tunnel but it's
got like a gay teenage love story that
everyone is like this is the normal
thing the homophobe's the [ __ ] yeah
yeah like the killer doll is more in
favor of this than the dad I'm a serial
killer not a monster like
I think that's the quote it's something
like that like I am
Chucky kind of flips the script the
series flips the script on that because
they kill not the gay characters or the
the kill them they kill the homophobes
they kill the bigots that's because
those are the real detriment to society
yeah and I just want to sort of you know
which is you know to all the credit to
Don Mancini because like he's been
trying to do this since 1988. um and
that's something that I really want to
have reflected in my own work even as I
discuss like sort of topics about
weakness like my writing anyway topics
yeah weakness and sort of what to do and
sort of make it about that what do we do
about living in a society where
everything is kind of like this yeah
there is this kind of very strong
nihilistic sensibility that's kind of
permeating a lot of this kind of very
like edgy violence which previously
Bleak media is like I like having that
sort of sense of Triumph yeah I like
having a sense of you know prevalence uh
determination sort of like you know
right Rising above in spite of that and
finding personal fulfillment
um but the alternative the thing I find
about a lot of this kind of gratuitous
complete media is that it's pointing out
like
um sort of saying like look at the sort
of dregs and as a reflection of our own
Society it's saying look at the dregs of
our society and the nihilism and all of
this stuff and isn't this so terrible
and this is where and you know getting
in talking about cyberpunk and address
and specifically look at where our
society is headed into this nihilistic
Bleak people area where everyone is
acclimated to sexual objectification and
where everyone is completely acclimated
to death and murder and mass shootings
to the point where there are lotteries
about how many people died yesterday
um is this nihilistic media not pushing
us to that society that it's warning us
about yeah is my kind of hatred of that
is like that you are accomplishing the
thing that you are warning us of yeah
and so that's where I feel like the
alarmism is on my part
um and why like you know
ironically this Lasher like this lashers
under like you said it does seem to have
a lot of that sense of hope like you
know survival prevalence and well yeah
and I mean usually and you know in part
one the final girl beats the Killer and
then in part two she dies in the first
scene because you know you gotta cycle
through actors gotta keep them young
yeah
um
but I I find hor it's it's so weird that
Horror in general is somewhere where you
can go
to
feel relief
because in the real world it feels like
the bad guys always win yeah but in
horror in most cases
in typical horror movies the bad guys
lose well like is it really scary if
ever like the thing about horror is like
it's meant to you know chill you thrill
you and fulfill you
um is it really horror if everyone dies
it is the horror not someone surviving
with these memories and I mean those
movies do exist and there there's a
place for them and some of them are
fantastic like I said hereditary not a
happy ending
um and it got a lot of bad reviews
because it was very much not a happy
ending
um
but at the same time and like those type
of movies and TV shows I I feel like
they work for movies better because TV
shows are so long that you're just
getting you get mired in it whereas a
movie it's two hours and then it's over
and then you can kind of think about it
and stuff and you don't have to be like
oh what's coming next but like I think
like you mentioned Attack on Titan
earlier and I think this would be a good
way to a good place to kind of close the
the the podcast in my sort of thinking
on this yeah is that
I loved Attack on Titan and I'm super
excited for season four part three next
year I can't wait
but if they announce season two of Yuri
on ice
I would cream my pants and learn how to
speak Japanese so I could watch it
immediately oh my God right like because
I don't know if it has a happy ending or
not but I know that there will be
positivity here's the thing I don't need
a happy ending no no I know like Yuri on
Ice season one doesn't have a happy
ending Yuri doesn't win yeah but it
still ends on a positive note it was
feeling it accomplished what it wanted
to do in the sense like you you end up
happy for the characters these care yeah
exactly that's the thing and it gives
you hope these characters you know the
the happy-go-lucky ending didn't happen
but they've accomplished everything that
they wanted and that they didn't know
they wanted yeah and like you can kind
of live vicariously through their hope
of what's next yeah instead of
you were characters looking forward to
the future rather than reflecting in the
past on the horrible stuff of the past
yeah and dreading the future yeah which
Attack on Titan very much does fit into
that yeah and I mean that's one of the
reasons that you know a lot of people
are like House of the Dragon is better
than the rings of power but House of the
Dragon I like I said I know this doesn't
end well for the targaryens but the
rings of power I know
it ends well yeah all of this is
stemming from the fact that I I am
resenting a society where things going
wrong is considered automatically better
than things are going or going to go
things are going to be fine media wise
anyway yeah and I I I wish we could have
that in our society a sense that things
are going to be better but they don't
and that's being reflected in Media I I
think it is being reflected in media I I
think a lot of it is
people kind of seeing you know things
like the election of Donald Trump for
instance and seeing like God things are
getting worse how Italy just elected a
fascist stuff like that and it's like
things are getting worse and worse
because that's what we're talking about
that's what the news is talking about
we're not talking about the good things
yeah
just like House of the Dragon Trends
everyone loves everyone's watching it
rings of power doesn't Trend because and
it's not again it's not necessarily
rings of power might not be as well a
made show but you know I just see it as
you know one show is depressing and kind
of uh kind of vindicates your own
depression of well life is [ __ ] look
even my favorite TV show is telling me
life is [ __ ]
whereas rings of power is kind of like
maybe not
but where where do you go from life is
[ __ ] what do you do with all that's
exactly the problem that's why I'm not
watching House of the Dragon you you if
the only messaging you get is life is
[ __ ] that's telling you to be okay with
it life is [ __ ] so I'm not gonna do
anything about it well it's [ __ ] in here
everyone's telling me [ __ ] I actually
just learning to deal with it no change
your circumstances [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] it is
possible to change your circumstances
and that's what I'm not for everyone
like if you are you know a gay person
living in Iran okay you can't just hop
on a plane and move to when I say San
Francisco [ __ ] I mean like there is a
power in collectivism there is a power
in you know being part of something
there is a power in starting movements
absolutely I think a lot of people I
think I think a big reason a lot of this
depressing media is taking hold right
now is because a lot of people
are exhausted yeah and they feel like
and that's what I feel like like when
Joe Biden did the student debt
forgiveness thing where it was only ten
thousand dollars twenty thousand for
Pell Grant and stuff like that it was so
much less than what people wanted but it
was like
this tiny little light and people were
like oh my God a good thing happened
Jesus Christ a good thing happened yeah
and so nobody well people [ __ ]
complained about it but like nobody on
the right side of History complained
about it like they were like could have
been better I will accept this nobody on
the left side of History
um oh my God left behind why can that
not be a documentary about the well
because Left Behind is a documentary
about the or is a book I know I know at
the end of the world
you know the ways that the the left is
uh decentralizing and kind of spiraling
because we can't really decide on what
we want
well you could do that left behind
all right so that has been the 16th
episode of the padreon thank you all so
much for listening and thank you all so
much for being patrons you make
everything we do possible and
reduce viewers like you well literally
and and reduce so much freaking stress
because if we had to rely on YouTube we
would not be able to do yeah you know
any of this there'd be a video a year
um it would be a hobby still yeah it
would just yeah we wouldn't be able to
do this so thank you guys so much we
love you all and uh I hope you enjoy the
Middle Earth video
um if you agree comment about your
agrees if you disagree respectfully
disagree in the comments tell us your
experiences with this pessimism
Obsession have you followed you've been
seeing this yeah and have you been
seeing it and are you following victim
to it yeah
yeah
all right well all right so thank you so
much for listening this will hopefully
continue to be a positive space
we'll see you next time and there will
be an episode next week
promise